I like the humor says
men also cry when they
they fall in love and the antilles
what happened to our love your love a
comment from the street to the moon threw it
like a convulsive boxer
govern annoyed king and my love not
you accept nor do you face miku words
rude that you go from your bags and that
never ever to my sides you return a
comment from the street stirred your
ideas
A friend advises you to look for yourself
another man that is not worth it just me
I ask for love that you do not believe them you are my
full lady and I am the man that you
love and respect if you if you leave I forget you
chosen I stay with you I stay
with you I remember the whistles I remember what
same love me with you
then you say what else shouts more you and me
I'll stay with you I'll take the
I remember I repeat the same thing to remember
Your love I get
[Music]
waiting for you to call me
problems clarify and I dared to call you
do not go to hang me 11
they are very confused and I want
explain to you that I entered a place of
pretty good sun a girl in the
fast approaching a song dancing is
and since I am a gentleman I could not
deny myself
she wanted to let go of word in the
heard and started to whisper me that she
It was sensual but it was a song
more he hears bad but your friend was there
I saw her and she was the one who came to you
with the gossip to you alone was a
song and that's why you want to end up with
our relation
There is quite forgotten if you go you
I forget I'm not staying with you, it was very
only but I do not forget memories
videos your love me known days without
I ask you, today, for me
last I stay with you I remember what
I forget
otherwise I do not stay because I stay
with your memory I forget it remember
[Music]
the neighbor in the area and you know how
love field a record a king of the world
quiet, quiet, friend, if not
have I ask you in the area in the
area and I see if it's not for the
template
In the concerts
[Music]